./Copyright (c) 2009, Los Alamos National Security, LLC All rights reserved.
./Copyright 2009. Los Alamos National Security, LLC. This software was produced 
./under U.S. Government contract DE-AC52-06NA25396 for Los Alamos National 
./Laboratory (LANL), which is operated by Los Alamos National Security, LLC for
./the U.S. Department of Energy. The U.S. Government has rights to use,
./reproduce, and distribute this software.  NEITHER THE GOVERNMENT NOR LOS
./ALAMOS NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR
./ASSUMES ANY LIABILITY FOR THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.  If software is
./modified to produce derivative works, such modified software should be
./clearly marked, so as not to confuse it with the version available from LANL.
./
./Additionally, redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
./without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
./met:
./ 
./Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
./list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
./ 
./Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
./this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
./and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
./
./Neither the name of Los Alamos National Security, LLC, Los Alamos National
./Laboratory, LANL, the U.S. Government, nor the names of its contributors may be
./used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
./prior written permission.
./
./THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY LOS ALAMOS NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC AND CONTRIBUTORS
./"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
./THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
./ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL LOS ALAMOS NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC OR
./CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
./EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
./OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
./INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
./CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
./IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
./OF SUCH DAMAGE. 
./
.TH PLFS 7 "PLFS 2.5.1" 
.SH NAME
PLFS (Parallel Log Structured File System) \- General Information
.SH SYNOPSIS
PLFS is a parallel virtual file system that improves concurrent write 
performance to a shared file.

.SH DESCRIPTION
In many parallel file systems such as Lustre, GPFS, and PanFS, concurrent
writes from large numbers of processes to a shared file suffers poor 
performance due to low-level serialization in the parallel file system.
PLFS transparently rearranges concurrrent writes to avoid this serialization.

.SH USING PLFS
There are three ways to use PLFS.
.PP
PLFS-MNT 
.I (see also plfs(1))
.RS
This interface provides the most transparency to the user.  PLFS is mounted
as a file system and users simply perform normal file system operations.  
This option requires FUSE.  Although this option gives improved performance,
very large-scale parallel applications are encouraged to use the PLFS-MPI-IO
interface which provides even larger improvements.
.RE
.PP
PLFS-MPI-IO
.RS
This is the highest performing interface for PLFS for very large-scale
parallel applications.  To use this option, applications must use the
MPI-IO interface and prepend plfs: to their paths.  For example, the path 
for restart could be 
.I plfs:/scratch/user/restart_file
This option requires use of an MPI that has been patched with PLFS.
.RE
.PP
PLFS-API
.I (see also plfs(3))
.RS
Finally, users can interface with PLFS directly by rewriting their applications
to use the PLFS API.  Although this requires the most user effort,
it is possible to use this interface by minimally
using just plfs_open(), plfs_write(), plfs_read, and plfs_close().
All PLFS functions are either approximations of POSIX file IO calls or
utility functions.

.SH FILES
In order to use any of these interfaces, a configuration file must be
present on the system. (see plfsrc(5)).

.SH AUTHORS
PLFS is developed at Los Alamos National Laboratory and is available under LANL LA-CC-08-104. It is hosted at
.I http://sourceforge.net/projects/plfs
and more information is available at
.I http://institute.lanl.gov/plfs

.SH SEE ALSO
 plfs(3), plfs(7), is_plfs_path(3), plfs_access(3), plfs_chmod(3), plfs_chown(3), plfs_close(3), plfs_closedir_c(3), plfs_create(3), plfs_flatten_index(3), plfs_flush_writes(3), plfs_getattr(3), plfs_get_filetype(3), plfs_getxattr(3), plfs_invalidate_read_cache(3), plfs_link(3), plfs_mkdir(3), plfs_mode(3), plfs_open(3), plfs_opendir_c(3), plfs_query(3), plfs_read(3), plfs_readdir(3), plfs_readdir_c(3), plfs_readlink(3), plfs_rename(3), plfs_rmdir(3), plfs_setxattr(3), plfs_statvfs(3), plfs_symlink(3), plfs_sync(3), plfs_trunc(3), plfs_unlink(3), plfs_utime(3), plfs_write(3) plfs(1), plfs(7), plfs_check_config(1), plfsrc(5)

