./Copyright (c) 2009, Los Alamos National Security, LLC All rights reserved.
./Copyright 2009. Los Alamos National Security, LLC. This software was produced 
./under U.S. Government contract DE-AC52-06NA25396 for Los Alamos National 
./Laboratory (LANL), which is operated by Los Alamos National Security, LLC for
./the U.S. Department of Energy. The U.S. Government has rights to use,
./reproduce, and distribute this software.  NEITHER THE GOVERNMENT NOR LOS
./ALAMOS NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR
./ASSUMES ANY LIABILITY FOR THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.  If software is
./modified to produce derivative works, such modified software should be
./clearly marked, so as not to confuse it with the version available from LANL.
./
./Additionally, redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
./without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
./met:
./ 
./Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
./list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
./ 
./Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
./this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
./and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
./
./Neither the name of Los Alamos National Security, LLC, Los Alamos National
./Laboratory, LANL, the U.S. Government, nor the names of its contributors may be
./used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
./prior written permission.
./
./THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY LOS ALAMOS NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC AND CONTRIBUTORS
./"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
./THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
./ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL LOS ALAMOS NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC OR
./CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
./EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
./OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
./INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
./CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
./IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
./OF SUCH DAMAGE. 
./
.TH PLFS 1 "PLFS 2.5.1" 
.SH NAME
PLFS (Parallel Log Structured File System) \- PLFS-MNT information
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./plfs [
.I fuse_options
.B ] <
.I mount point
.B >

.SH DESCRIPTION
This command is to mount PLFS to use the PLFS-MNT method.  See
.I plfs(7)
for more information on other ways to use PLFS.
.PP
In many parallel file systems such as Lustre, GPFS, and PanFS, concurrent
writes from large numbers of processes to a shared file suffers poor
performance due to low-level serialization in the parallel file system.
PLFS transparently rearranges concurrrent writes to avoid this serialization.

.PP
In many parallel file systems such as Lustre, GPFS, and PanFS, concurrent
writes from large numbers of processes to a shared file suffers poor
performance due to low-level serialization in the parallel file system.
PLFS transparently rearranges concurrrent writes to avoid this serialization.
.PP
This interface provides the most transparency to the user.  PLFS is mounted
as a file system and users simply perform normal file system operations.
This option requires FUSE.  Although this option gives improved performance,
very large-scale parallel applications are encouraged to use the PLFS-MPI-IO
interface which provides even larger improvements.


.SH INPUTS
fuse options
.br
See fuse documentation for possible options.  The most relevant to plfs are:
.TP 1i
direct_io
Available for older versions of fuse.  This option doesn't allow executables to
be run in the mount point but increases performance for PLFS.
.TP 1i
big_writes
Available for newer versions of fuse.  Includes benefits of direct_io
option and allows executables to be run in the mount point.

.SH RETURN VALUE
A 1 is returned on success and 0 or -errno is returned on failure.

.SH FILES
In order to use any of these interfaces, a configuration file must be
present on the system. (see 
.I plfsrc(5)
).


.SH AUTHORS
PLFS is developed at Los Alamos National Laboratory and is available under LANL LA-CC-08-104. It is hosted at
.I http://sourceforge.net/projects/plfs
and more information is available at
.I http://institute.lanl.gov/plfs

.SH SEE ALSO
plfs(1), plfs(7), plfs_check_config(1), plfs_flatten_index(1), plfs_map(1), plfs_version(1), dcon(1),
               findmesgbuf(1)

