./Copyright (c) 2009, Los Alamos National Security, LLC All rights reserved.
./Copyright 2009. Los Alamos National Security, LLC. This software was produced 
./under U.S. Government contract DE-AC52-06NA25396 for Los Alamos National 
./Laboratory (LANL), which is operated by Los Alamos National Security, LLC for
./the U.S. Department of Energy. The U.S. Government has rights to use,
./reproduce, and distribute this software.  NEITHER THE GOVERNMENT NOR LOS
./ALAMOS NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR
./ASSUMES ANY LIABILITY FOR THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.  If software is
./modified to produce derivative works, such modified software should be
./clearly marked, so as not to confuse it with the version available from LANL.
./
./Additionally, redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
./without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
./met:
./ 
./Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
./list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
./ 
./Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
./this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
./and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
./
./Neither the name of Los Alamos National Security, LLC, Los Alamos National
./Laboratory, LANL, the U.S. Government, nor the names of its contributors may be
./used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
./prior written permission.
./
./THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY LOS ALAMOS NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC AND CONTRIBUTORS
./"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
./THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
./ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL LOS ALAMOS NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC OR
./CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
./EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
./OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
./INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
./CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
./IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
./OF SUCH DAMAGE. 
./
.TH plfs_unlink 3 "PLFS 2.5.1" 
.SH NAME
plfs_unlink
.SH SYNTAX
#include <plfs.h>
.PP
plfs_error_t plfs_unlink( const char *path );

.SH DESCRIPTION
Delete a name and possible the file it refers to. See
.I unlink(2)
for more information.

.SH INPUT PARAMETERS
.TP 1i
path
name to delete

.SH RETURN VALUES
Almost all PLFS functions return a plfs_error_t error type with PLFS_SUCCESS 
indicating that the function completed successfully and PLFS_E* indicating
an error. All possible return values are enumerated in plfs_error.h and can
be queried by calling strplfserr(plfs_error_t err) to get more detail about
the specific error code returned.

If a function fills out any data structures they are passed in as an argument
and not returned via the return type.

.SH AUTHORS
PLFS is developed at Los Alamos National Laboratory and is available under LANL LA-CC-08-104. It is hosted at
.I http://sourceforge.net/projects/plfs
and more information is available at
.I http://institute.lanl.gov/plfs

.SH SEE ALSO
plfs(3), plfs(7), is_plfs_path(3), plfs_access(3), plfs_chmod(3), plfs_chown(3), plfs_close(3), plfs_closedir_c(3), plfs_create(3), plfs_flatten_index(3), plfs_flush_writes(3), plfs_getattr(3), plfs_get_filetype(3), plfs_getxattr(3), plfs_invalidate_read_cache(3), plfs_link(3), plfs_mkdir(3), plfs_mode(3), plfs_open(3), plfs_opendir_c(3), plfs_query(3), plfs_read(3), plfs_readdir(3), plfs_readdir_c(3), plfs_readlink(3), plfs_rename(3), plfs_rmdir(3), plfs_setxattr(3), plfs_statvfs(3), plfs_symlink(3), plfs_sync(3), plfs_trunc(3), plfs_unlink(3), plfs_utime(3), plfs_write(3)

